Update enable-kerberos.md (#9044)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/azure-data-studio/enable-kerberos.md

1. Create a new connection profile.

> 1. Enter for Server hostname.DOMAIN.COMPANY.COM and select **Windows Authentication** as the authentication type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Windows Authentication** as the authentication type.

1. For the Server, enter a fully qualified host name, in the format `hostname.DOMAIN.CONTOSO.COM`.
```
